# # CreateAdvancedProviderSessionRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**provider** | **string** | The ID of the provider to launch |
**provider_input** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\ProviderInput**](ProviderInput.md) | Provider-specific input for those providers which require it. | [optional]
**redirect_url** | **string** | The Redirect URL to which the user should be sent after the session is complete.                This field is required for providers which employ a redirect-based flow. | [optional]
**capabilities** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\IntegrationCapability[]**](IntegrationCapability.md) | The list of capabilities your integration supports. Capabilities are the core of Trinsic&#39;s whitelabel-with-optional-fallback offering.                Most capabilities align with either an &#x60;IntegrationLaunchMethod&#x60; or an &#x60;IntegrationCollectionMethod&#x60;.  The exception being refresh content to support updating the content of the launch method.                For example, to support a basic redirect-based flow, you must include the &#x60;LaunchRedirect&#x60; and &#x60;CaptureRedirect&#x60; capabilities.  To support a mobile deeplink / polling flow, you must include the &#x60;DeeplinkToMobile&#x60; and &#x60;PollForResults&#x60; capabilities.                If &#x60;FallbackToHostedUi&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;, Trinsic will automatically fall back to a Trinsic-hosted UI to cover any gaps in your integration&#39;s capabilities.  If &#x60;FallbackToHostedUi&#x60; is &#x60;false&#x60;, gaps in your integration&#39;s capabilities will result in an error during Session creation.                Read more on how to integrate at &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://docs.trinsic.id/docs/advanced-provider-sessions\&quot;&gt;the guide on Advanced Provider Sessions&lt;/a&gt; |
**fallback_to_hosted_ui** | **bool** | Whether the session should fall back to a Trinsic-hosted UI in certain instances.                Specifically, fallback will occur if any of the following are true:  - You attempted to launch a provider which requires a capability you did not express support for      - In this case, Trinsic&#39;s hosted UI will perform the necessary capability  - You attempted to launch a provider which requires input, and the input was either not provided or incomplete      - In this case, Trinsic&#39;s hosted UI will collect the necessary input from the user                If fallback occurs, the session&#39;s NextStep will always be LaunchBrowser,  and the CollectionMethod will always be CaptureRedirect.                If this field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, you must also:  1. Set the &#x60;RedirectUrl&#x60; field to a non-empty value  2. Include the &#x60;LaunchBrowser&#x60; and &#x60;CaptureRedirect&#x60; capabilities in the &#x60;Capabilities&#x60; field | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
