# # ProviderOutput

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**a_at_handy_signatur_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\AustriaHandySignaturProviderOutput**](AustriaHandySignaturProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-at-handy-signatur-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_be_id_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\BelgiumIdCardProviderOutput**](BelgiumIdCardProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-be-id-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_edoapp_eid_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\PolandEdoAppProviderOutput**](PolandEdoAppProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-edoapp-eid-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_ee_web_eid_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\EstoniaIdCardProviderOutput**](EstoniaIdCardProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-ee-web-eid-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_fi_id_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\FinlandIdCardProviderOutput**](FinlandIdCardProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-fi-id-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_freja_eid_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\FrejaProviderOutput**](FrejaProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-freja-eid-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_itsme_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\ItsmeProviderOutput**](ItsmeProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-itsme-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_lt_id_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\LithuaniaIdCardProviderOutput**](LithuaniaIdCardProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-lt-id-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_lv_eparaksts_id_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\LatviaEparakstsProviderOutput**](LatviaEparakstsProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-lv-eparaksts-id-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_lv_eparaksts_mobile_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\LatviaEparakstsMobileProviderOutput**](LatviaEparakstsMobileProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-lv-eparaksts-mobile-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_mojeid** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\CzechiaMojeIdProviderOutput**](CzechiaMojeIdProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-mojeid&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_pl_mojeid_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\PolandMojeIdProviderOutput**](PolandMojeIdProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-pl-mojeid-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_pt_id_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\PortugalIdCardProviderOutput**](PortugalIdCardProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-pt-id-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**a_rs_id_login** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\SerbiaIdCardProviderOutput**](SerbiaIdCardProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;a-rs-id-login&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**apple_wallet** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\AppleWalletProviderOutput**](AppleWalletProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;apple-wallet&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**denmark_mitid** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\MitIdProviderOutput**](MitIdProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;denmark-mitid&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**ethiopia_fayda** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\FaydaProviderOutput**](FaydaProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;ethiopia-fayda&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**france_identite_numerique** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\FrenchNumeriqueProviderOutput**](FrenchNumeriqueProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;france-identite-numerique&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**google_wallet** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\GoogleWalletProviderOutput**](GoogleWalletProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;google-wallet&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**italy_spid** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\SpidProviderOutput**](SpidProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;italy-spid&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**lloyds_smart_id** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\LloydsSmartIdProviderOutput**](LloydsSmartIdProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;lloyds-smart-id&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**mexico_curp_lookup** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\MexicoCurpProviderOutput**](MexicoCurpProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;mexico-curp-lookup&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**mobile_id** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\MobileIdProviderOutput**](MobileIdProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;mobile-id&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**peru_dni_lookup** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\PeruDniProviderOutput**](PeruDniProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;peru-dni-lookup&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**philippines_digital_national_id_qr** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\PhilippinesDigitalNidProviderOutput**](PhilippinesDigitalNidProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;philippines-digital-national-id-qr&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**philippines_physical_national_id_qr** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\PhilippinesPhysicalNidProviderOutput**](PhilippinesPhysicalNidProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;philippines-physical-national-id-qr&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**post_office_easyid** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\PostOfficeEasyIdProviderOutput**](PostOfficeEasyIdProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;post-office-easyid&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**samsung_wallet** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\SamsungWalletProviderOutput**](SamsungWalletProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;samsung-wallet&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**smart_id** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\SmartIdProviderOutput**](SmartIdProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;smart-id&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**sweden_bankid** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\SwedenBankIdProviderOutput**](SwedenBankIdProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;sweden-bankid&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**usa_louisiana_wallet** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\LaWalletProviderOutput**](LaWalletProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;usa-louisiana-wallet&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]
**yoti** | [**\Trinsic\Api\Model\YotiProviderOutput**](YotiProviderOutput.md) | Exposed properties for the &#x60;yoti&#x60; Provider which do not directly map to the normalized IdentityData model. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
